good afternoon in this review we
continue the topic on a wobbler boxer and in
this time let's talk about wobbler
boxer x with 45 f from chinese
kosadaka manufacturer by tradition for
begin designate the main characteristics
wobbler length 45 mm weight 8 and 75
grams depth of wobbler fluctuates
from 20 to 60 centimeters and crank crank
the wobbler of this model is floating
color wobbler presented on video
Ji lure basically catch pike and
perch
pike perch drove but also on a wobbler
comes across and trout which catches well
this bait on paid ponds
if we talk about size and weight
predatory fish that really catch on
wobbler here can be successful
catching like a sporting size predator but
also trophy for example
angler spinning can quite
count on catching chub or ide
weighing up to 1 kilogram is also
evidence of fishing with lures zander
weighing up to one and a half pounds pike
comes across from a wobbler from perfectly
small grams in 300 weight and up
trophy size about one and a half two
kilograms if viewed in
as a perch trophy here the catch
weight will be more modest than perch when fishing
on a wobbler will not exceed
and 300 400 grams and of course based on
this lure really is quite
universal spinning bait
because he is able to catch himself
diverse predator and in a wide variety
conditions
since the wobbler has such important
parameters like its decent weight and
original convex
and at the same time an elongated body shape
to cast a wobbler
it seems possible to satisfied
long distance essentially with spinning
you throw a wobbler flying bullet
and falls very precisely in the intended place
in the pond and it speaks of his very
excellent in flight performance and
The characteristics of a wobbler are quite good.
behaves in the process with ping wai
wiring when fishing in places and reservoirs
there is no flow but also with
Medium and fast fishing
during wobbler keeps very well on
stream
and collapses on its side at the same time
wobbler behaves quickly and wins back
about a diverse predator imposing
his interesting game desire to attack
given bait inside wobbler
there are so-called noise
balls of them a few pieces and they have
small size
the balls are not fixed inside the wobbler and
when shaking move freely in
hull bait also balls these in
the process of posting wobbler publish
pretty loud noise which is very
well additionally attracts the most
different predator to the same himself
spinningist hears quite clearly
noise background issued by wobbler in
moments of spin hawai wiring except
small balls inside the wobbler also
there are large metal balls
responsible for casting lures
In addition, there are two wobblers
triple hooks these hooks are made
quite original and has several
bent inward the shape of the sting
such a lid design contributes
more grip of passion
which is very important with spinning fishing
while the hooks are very durable and very
sharp most suitable postings
for fishing on a wobbler this model will
uniform spinning wiring on
different speeds and wiring called
stop and go
this